[OSDOCS-10571]: What's New: Upgrading machine pools in ROSA (#76093)
openshift/openshift-docs: rosa_release_notes/rosa-release-notes.adoc

* **ROSA CLI update.** The ROSA CLI (`rosa`) was updated to a new version. For information about what has changed in this release, see the link:https://github.com/openshift/rosa/releases/tag/v1.2.35[ROSA CLI release notes]. For more information about the ROSA CLI (`rosa`), see xref:../cli_reference/rosa_cli/rosa-get-started-cli.adoc#rosa-about_rosa-getting-started-cli[About the ROSA CLI].

> * **Machinepool update.** You can now upgrade machinepools that are configured on ROSA with HCP clusters. For more information, see xref:../cli_reference/rosa_cli/rosa-manage-objects-cli.adoc#rosa-upgrade-machinepool_rosa-managing-objects-cli[upgrade machinepool].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Machine pool update.** You can now upgrade machine pools that are configured on ROSA with HCP clusters. For more information, see xref:../cli_reference/rosa_cli/rosa-manage-objects-cli.adoc#rosa-upgrade-machinepool_rosa-managing-objects-cli[upgrade machinepool].
```
